(audience chatting)
[Boy] He's gonna get bombed!
[Takemichi Voiceover] I have
to get to the two leaders
of the Tokyo Manji Gang!
(energetic rock music)
Both Sano and Kisaki!
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(audience chatting)
[Boy] Come on!
[Boy] I've been waiting
all day for this!
[Boy] He doesn't stand a chance!
[Boy] Come on!
[Takemichi Voiceover]
As long as I'm a slave
to these guys, I'll
never meet their bosses!
(gasps)
You're gonna regret this.
[Boy] Get him!
(grunt)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
There's no way I can win!
I can tell how much stronger
he is, just with one hit!
Ha! What's wrong, Hanagaki?!
After all that talk,
is that all you got?!
Don't tell me you're going down
with a single punch again?!
(both grunting)
No, Takemichi!
-(both gasp)
-Oh!
(growls)
(Takemichi grunting)
(audience cheering)
[Boy] Take him down!
(Kiyomasa grunts)
(Takemichi grunts)
Go down, man!
(gasps)
Heh.
Just tap out, Takemichi!
Give it up, you're gonna die!
Hey!
(panting)
I'm not done!
-[Boy] What is this kid doing?
-Huh?
(scoffs)
[Audience] Yeah!
Kill him! Let him have it!
[Boy] Kill him!
[Audience] Kiyomasa!
-Kiyomasa!
-(Takemichi grunting)
Kiyomasa!
-Kiyomasa!
-Hey.
[Audience] Kiyomasa!
Kiyomasa!
-Kiyomasa!
-(both grunting)
-(Akkun growls)
-Kiyomasa!
-Damn you, Kiyomasa!
-You bastard!
-[Audience] Kiyomasa!
-Kiyomasa!
-(both grunting)
Kiyomasa!
(audience chatting)
Huh?
(gasps)
(panting)
I'm not done yet!
You've done enough
now, Takemichi!
This isn't worth dying for!
Come on, just give up
before he kills you!
I'm not done yet!
(suspenseful music)
Not until I've had enough!
Enough to finally, finally
cure my weak-ass heart
of the last 12 years!
Wha?
The hell is he
sayin'? He's nuts.
Hm.
I always ran, and I ran,
and I ran, and I ran!
I just know you can save her!
(giggles)
(mutters nervously)
You've done enough, Takemichi!
You've shown us all
how tough you are!
Oh yeah? So what?!
(all gasp)
I have a reason why I
can't, I can't turn back!
Heh.
So listen, Kiyomasa of
the Tokyo Manji gang.
Hm?
If you want to put an end
to this and win this fight,
(chuckles)
then you're gonna
have to kill me now!
(groans)
I'm not gonna lose!
I'm gonna do it!
I'm gonna save Hinata!
Go get me my bat!
Uh oh! That's bad!
We gotta get down there!
If he wants to die,
then I'll grant his wish!
A baseball bat?!
I thought this was a fistfight!
Hurry it up, damn it!
[Draken] Hey, Kiyomasa.
Huh?
(gasps)
You're scarin' the crowd.
(Kiyomasa gulps)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Who is that?
[Draken] Calm down, dumbass.
A blond ponytail, bald
with a dragon tattoo.
It's really him!
[Akkun] The Vice Commander
of the Tokyo Manji Gang,
Ken Ryuguji,
better known as Draken!
Oh, hey there, Kenny.
Huh!? Stop calling me that!
At least not when
we're out in public!
But I'm all out of dorayaki.
Who the hell is that guy?
Does he even
realize where he is?
[All] Huh?
Sir! Welcome Sir!
[Delinquents] Sir! Welcome Sir!
(slurps)
(energetic rock music)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Wait, is that?
[Delinquents] Good
day Master! Welcome!
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Can he really be the head
of the Tokyo Manji
Gang, Manjiro Sano?!
Hello sir!
I'm Akaishi, I'm from your
Biker Gang number three, sir!
Huh?
Shut your mouth.
Mikey never talks to anyone
he doesn't find interesting.
Uh, of course, sorry about that!
Oh, wow!
Can you believe that shit?!
He shut that dude down!
Welcome, Master.
-(kick lands)
-(groans)
Kiyomasa, who died and made
you the king around here?
Make sure you're
always that far down
when bowing to our commander.
Uh, yes, sir!
(groans)
(gasps)
So. Who are you?
Takemichi Hanagaki.
[Mikey] I see. So, Takemitchy.
Huh? Takemitchy?
That's what Mikey
just said, Takemitchy.
Don't you question him.
Huh?
(Takemichi gasps)
So you, you're really
in middle school?
[Takemichi] Yeah.
Takemitchy, starting
today, we're friends, yeah?
Huh?
[Mikey] Are you the one
running these matches?
Uh, yes.
(chuckles)
(Kiyomasa groaning)
Who do you think you are?
(Kiyomasa grunts)
(gasps)
(audience gasps)
Kiyomasa!
(audience chatting)
Okay, then.
Let's go, Kenny.
Taking bets at this
little fight club is lame.
[Draken] Stop bringing
Toman's rep down.
[Mikey] Takemitchy.
Huh?!
See you.
[Draken] All you losers
wake up and scram already.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
I can't believe
I met Toman's
boss, Manjiro Sano!
[Both] Mmm!
(Takemichi gasps)
You were so awesome, Takemichi!
Yeah, that was the most
amazing thing ever!
Huh?
The invincible
Mikey just told you
you were his new buddy!
Don't you get how
amazing that is?!
[Takemichi Voiceover] I
guess I wasn't imagining it.
Agh! I just became friends
with a total monster!
Lick the poo.
[Takemichi Voiceover] I went
from being Kiyamasa's slave
to being the latest
plaything of some eccentric
and powerful gang leader!
This is an even worse hell!
Why is this happening to me?!
So I guess you're
Takemitchy from now on.
Yeah, that's what the
head guy called you,
so I guess you are Takemitchy.
(both snickering)
[Takemichi Voiceover] It
must be nice to be so stupid.
Just ignore those two.
It's nice, though.
Hm, what?
Like, those two
just bein' goofy?
It's good to
hear that again.
Plus, how about the way
his second-in-command smacked
down Akaishi, like a boss!
-That was sweet!
-I know, right?
Takemichi.
Hm?
When you were fighting,
[Takuya] Man, that was awesome!
I was on the verge of
stabbing Kiyomasa.
Huh?
Just think about it.
At the rate we're going, we
would have been slaves forever.
Unless we took Kiyomasa out.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Akkun!
He always did care
about his friends a lot.
[Akkun] We owe you, Takemichi.
Why?
Well, because, thanks
to you toughing out
that fight with him,
now we don't have to
be slaves anymore.
You were awesome, dude.
Oh, stop it, my face
hurts when I smile!
(laughs)
Yamagishi, that's not it!
You're doing that all wrong!
[Kazushi] Oh shut
up, Takemitchy!
Do I have to show
you everything?!
(people chatting)
Man, having to go to
school right now is harsh.
(yawns)
Eight AM is way
too early to be up.
[Hinata] Good
morning, Takemichi!
Hmm? Oh, Hina!
(giggles) Hey, good for you!
You're actually headed
to school on time today!
I have to go to cram
school after class.
Oh, yeah?
You wanna have a
date before that?
Well, sure. But can you really
call that a date, though?
Sure, even going to school
together is sort of a date.
Oh, man, but I sure do
wish that you and I were
in the same class.
(laughs)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Okay, school is awesome!
[Teacher] This part's important,
so make sure you write
it down, and remember it.
[Takemichi Voiceover] I guess
there isn't gonna be time
for me to have my
head in the clouds.
(Takemichi sighs)
Bosses Sano and Kisaki.
Prevent those two from meeting.
Then we can save my sister.
(static crackling)
Well, Naoto, I've
met Manjiro Sano.
Though it was a coincidence.
In order to save Hinata,
who died just because she
got caught up in that mess,
I need to stop the strife
within the Tokyo Manji Gang.
And to make that happen,
I need to make sure the two
bosses don't meet in this era.
Getting to meet Manjiro Sano,
one of the two
leaders, is a start.
But I have no idea what
the hell I'm supposed
to do from here!
Making sure two
people don't meet?
Wouldn't that be essentially
an impossible task?
[Boy] What school are
you bastards from?!
[Boy] Get the hell
-out of here, both of you!
-Hm? Huh?
-(boys grunting)
-(punches landing)
Hey, there he is.
Huh?
Come out and play
with us, Takemitchy.
-Ah!
-If you wouldn't mind,
I'm teaching a class right now.
What the hell?! This
dude is totally insane!
Ah! Our third-years wiped out!
Hey, what is all that?
Huh? All that?
Well, this is a school,
so I schooled them.
(gulps)
Alright, all of
you wimps, line up,
lying down on your stomachs.
And no big gaps
between you wimps.
This is gonna hurt
you more than me.
[Boy] Huh?
[Boy] What are you
gonna do to us?
(boys grunting)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Yeah, the Tokyo Manji gang
is absolutely insane.
Word is Udagawa's crew is
trying to take over in Shinsen.
Cool. Let's go kick some ass.
[Takemichi Voiceover] For
them, tormenting other people
is totally normal!
It's just a part of
their daily routine,
like brushing their teeth!
(Draken grunting)
(Takemichi gasps)
You behaving yourself?
You just saw me yesterday.
So are you free today?
Actually, I'm kinda busy now.
-Come hang with us anyway.
-(students chatting)
[Takemichi] Huh? Mikey, I
don't think you understand.
I'm in school here.
-Wait. He's friends with Mikey?
-(yawns)
[Boy] There's someone that
awesome at our school?
No freaking way!
Look! Isn't that Takemichi?
I thought Mikey liked him,
but it's lookin' bad now.
What could've happened
in a single day?
Poor Takemichi's
gonna get killed!
[Makoto And Kazushi] Huh?!
[Kazushi] Hinata,
what're you doing?!
Do you mean the
Mikey from Toman?!
Then the taller
dude must be Draken!
Quiet or we'll get our
asses kicked again!
You don't need to be so nervous.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Alright.
-This is my chance.
-We're just gonna go
somewhere and talk.
[Takemichi Voiceover] If I
can just get close to Mikey,
and somehow keep him from
ever meeting Tetta Kisaki.
'Kay, let's go.
[Hinata] Hold on!
[All] Huh?
Who are you?
Hina?!
Oh, hi! Sorry, I'm
kinda tied up here.
-(Hinata grunts)
-(slap lands)
(gasps)
(all gasp)
(growls)
Let's go, Takemichi.
Don't ever let people
like these guys bully you.
[Takemichi] Huh?
I can protect you.
Hinata!
(suspenseful music)
Oh.
She's shaking!
[Draken] Hey!
-Huh?
-You got a death wish?
You think you can slap him
and then just peace on out?!
Who the hell do
you think you are?!
Who exactly do
you think you are?
Huh?
You just waltz into a
school you don't even go to
and try to take
someone out by force?
That's not the kind
of thing friends do!
Takemichi's been coming home
beat up all the time lately!
(gasps)
And if it's happening
because of you two,
I'll put a stop to it!
Huh?!
You take your hand off of her.
What'd you just say?!
I think I must have
heard you wrong!
(mutters nervously)
I'd always protect you!
I said you take your hands off
her right now! You dumbass!
I promised myself
that I'd be the one
to protect Hinata this time!
Oh my.
It seems that you've forgotten
who you're talking to.
(Takemichi panting)
There are some things I
won't give up on again!
Huh? Again?
(Hinata gasps)
Aw.
And here I thought
you and I were going
to end up being great friends.
Instead, you've decided to die.
-(Takemichi gasps)
-(dramatic music)
You just promise me.
Just promise me that
you won't hurt her!
[Both] Hm?
Don't you dare lay
a finger on Hinata!
(gasps)
I do what I want.
(grunts)
Ha, ha! Sike!
(gasps)
Huh?
-(hand slapping)
-You're so gullible, man!
Relax, pal!
Like I'd ever hit a woman!
Oh.
Takemitchy, you actually
-threatened me.
-(Takemichi gasps)
My bad.
It's cool.
Huh?
Some things you gotta fight for.
Guys today don't stand
up for girls like that.
That's old school.
(laughs)
Oh.
(gentle music)
You're alright, Takemitchy.
(Takemichi mutters nervously)
Hey, who are those guys?
And what just happened here?
I'm so sorry about that!
I really had the
wrong idea about you.
It's no problem.
You did give me one
hell of a slap, though.
[Hinata] I'm so sorry!
It's good to protect the
people who matter to you.
But you should be careful.
Things can go wrong, depending
who you're dealing with.
Yes, thanks!
(Mikey laughs)
Okay, I'm going.
Oh, okay.
Wait! Aren't we goin' out?
We can do that another time.
Your friends came
here to see you,
so you should go with them.
Bye-bye! Don't
slap me next time.
(laughs)
Nice girl, huh?
It's not often you
find someone like that.
Take good care of her.
(gasps)
(bicycles rattling)
[Takemichi Voiceover]
From what Naoto told me,
12 years in the future,
the Tokyo Manji Gang are
involved in gambling,
fraud, violence,
and even murder.
They're an evil organization
that'll resort to anything.
Taking bets at this
little fight club is lame.
Like I'd ever hit a woman!
(bicycles rattling)
[Takemichi Voiceover] Could
the head of that evil Toman
really be this guy?
So, Mikey?
[Mikey] Mm?
I was, I was wondering
what made you think
we oughta be friends.
Well, that's a stupid question.
Ah! Yeah, I'm sorry.
Truth is, you remind
me of my older brother.
He's dead now.
(gasps)
He was totally reckless,
fearless about picking fights
with guys that were way
stronger than he was.
Oh, I see.
He must've been pretty cool.
Yeah, Takemitchy, he
was a lot like you.
Huh?! But I'm really not
even that into fighting!
How do you figure I'm cool?
[Mikey] Yeah, you're right,
you're actually pretty lame.
[Takemichi] Well, you don't
have to be mean about it.
(gentle music)
Nowadays, people just think
delinquents are all lame.
[Takemichi Voiceover] Huh!
I guess even he kinda cares
what people think of him.
Back when my big
bro was still alive,
there were so many
biker gangs around here.
You always heard their
super-loud bikes blowing by.
Now those guys were bad-ass.
They fought all the time,
but they always cleaned
up their own messes.
I don't see what's
so lame about that.
So I'm gonna create a
new era for delinquents.
You oughta join me.
I like you, Takemichi Hanagaki.
(gasps)
There's no shortage of guys
who are good at
fighting out there.
But guys who'll
stand up to anyone
for something they
really believe in?
There aren't too many
guys around like that.
(Takemichi chuckles)
You think about it, Takemitchy.
[Takemichi Voiceover]
Mikey may be a delinquent,
but he's not a bad guy.
At least, not the kind of
guy who'd crash a truck
into a festival and kill Hinata.
-(people chatting)
-The Tokyo Manji Gang
of 12 years in the future,
this guy is definitely
not their leader.
What could have
changed Mikey so much?
Sano and Kisaki.
(suspenseful music)
If these two'd never
met each other,
today's Tokyo Manji Gang
never would've existed.
Huh?
It's not like you get do-overs.
[Boy In Mask] I know, right?
Huh?
That's weird, I think I've
seen that guy somewhere.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)